---
layout: page
head:
  seo:
    title: Cookie Policy | Roberto Vicario
    robots: noindex, nofollow
  cookie_banner: false
theme:
  mode: light
navbar:
  fixed: false
---

# Cookie Policy

**Last Updated:** 05-Dec-2024

---

## What Are Cookies?

This Cookie Policy explains:

- What cookies are
- How we use them
- The types of cookies we use
- The information we collect using cookies and how we use it
- How to manage your cookie settings

Cookies are small text files stored on your device when you load a website in your browser. These cookies help us:

- Ensure the website functions properly
- Enhance security
- Provide a better user experience
- Understand website performance
- Analyze areas that need improvement

---

## How Do We Use Cookies?

Our website uses both _first-party_ and _third-party cookies_ for various purposes:

### First-Party Cookies

These cookies are essential for the website to function correctly and do not collect any personally identifiable information.

### Third-Party Cookies

These cookies are used to:

- Analyze website performance
- Understand how you interact with the site
- Keep our services secure
- Provide relevant advertisements
- Enhance your user experience
- Speed up future interactions with the website

---

## Types of Cookies We Use

We use the following types of cookies:

| **Type** | **Purpose** |
| - | - |
| **Essential Cookies** | Necessary for the website to function properly |
| **Analytics Cookies** | Help us understand website performance and usage |
| **Advertising Cookies** | Deliver relevant ads and improve advertising effectiveness |
| **Functional Cookies** | Enhance user experience and functionality|

---

## Manage Cookie Preferences

You can change your cookie preferences at any time by clicking the _Cookie Settings_ button. This allows you to revisit the cookie consent banner and adjust your preferences or withdraw your consent.

Additionally, you can manage and delete cookies directly from your web browser settings. Below are links to support documents for major browsers:

- **Chrome:** [Manage Cookies in Chrome](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050)
- **Safari:** [Manage Cookies in Safari](https://support.apple.com/en-in/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac)
- **Firefox:** [Manage Cookies in Firefox](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/clear-cookies-and-site-data-firefox?redirectslug=delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored&redirectlocale=en-US)
- **Internet Explorer:** [Manage Cookies in Internet Explorer](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer-bca9446f-d873-78de-77ba-d42645fa52fc)

If you use a different browser, please visit the official support documentation for your browser.

---

_Cookie Policy generated by CookieYes - Cookie Policy Generator._
